APOLLO 7 VIRTUAL AGC SCENARIO CHECKLIST v1.2
--------------------------------------------

This checklist/flightplan is an ongoing work, evolving over the course of time as new features of NASSP are developed. For the time being, the mission can be flown, from beginning to end, using the currently documented features of the Virtual AGC. This checklist/flightplan is not absolute for all functions and maneuvers, and will require the following tools:

1. CHRISTOPHE'S EARTH ORBIT CALCULATOR, SET TO PARAMETERS USED FOR APOLLO 7, TITLED "APOLLO 7 EOCA"
2. A MODIFIED VERSION OF THE CMC UPDATE SPREADSHEET, TITLED "APOLLO 7 CMC UPDATE"
3. (OPTIONALLY) SCHNECI'S APOLLO TELEMETRY MFD

As more features for NASSP/Apollo 7 are developed, this checklist/flightplan will expand as well. One key feature left out of the checklist/tutorial that is still in development is the historical rendezvous with the SIVB booster stage in the early portion of the mission.

This checklist/flightplan does not include any verification of switch settings unless otherwise specified. Because of this, be certain that you are careful not to miss any switch settings or steps listed in the procedures. Some may not have much purpose at the moment and will pose little or no harm if missed, while others can and will cause adverse effects to the mission if overlooked, so be careful, and quicksave before each procedure.

I would like to express that this has been tested extensively and thoroughly from beginning to end, some portions of the mission more than others, with no problems as long as it is followed correctly. Results of maneuvers will vary from mission to mission and from user to user, but this spreadsheet should hopefully help to keep your Apollo 7 experience as historically correct as possible.

CHANGE LOG:
-----------
v1.4 -	Included additional switch settings for new panels as well as panels that have not yet been fully developed
	Refined procedures and changed a few less-obvious minor features

v1.3 -	Added switch settings for panels 351, 352, 375, 377, and 379
	Added flightplan listings and procedures for P22 & P23
	Added Backup IMU Alignment flightplan listing and procedure for P54
	Further improvement of existing procedures

v1.2 -	Condensed SIVB/CSM separation period and added phasing maneuver
	Added rendezvous tab for future implementation
	Changed SCS power down/up procedures to include full G&N power down/up
	Condensed SPS maneuver procedure to include state vector updates close to burn time
	Added "Errors and Failures" tab to include future implementation of random failure simulation
	Added and tested mission-specific abort procedures into "Errors and Failures" tab
	Added P53 Alignment procedure for alignments following IMU power down/gimbal lock
	Began preparations to include new CM panels/switches into procedures
	Removed gridlines and improved procedures

v1.1 -	Initial release

FUTURE CHANGES: (Some pending development progress)
---------------
Entry EMS procedures
Rendezvous Procedures
Error Recovery Procedures
Additional AGC and System Procedures
Additional panel/switch settings
More precise deorbit burn calculation method

CREDITS:
--------
I would personally like to thank:

The entire Project Apollo Development Team and Beta Testers for devoting their time and effort, and making the dream of flying and Apollo Mission a reality for everyone.

Christophe, for allowing me to test his amazing Earth Orbit Calculator, and the many hours he spent developing it, as well as the procedures documented and explained by him, the NASSP development team, and the good ole' NASA engineers, much of which was needed to make this flightplan possible.

Schneci, for developing the ApolloTelemetry MFD, which makes state vector updates a breeze.

And finally Martin Schweiger, for developing Orbiter, and making virtual spaceflight a free reality to the public.

Thanks, and have a great time flying Apollo 7!

Justin Carey - jc121081
jc121081@yahoo.com